# CGEM 

The Coastal Generalized Ecosystem Model (CGEM) is a biogeochemical model designed to address eutrophication, dissolved oxygen, and acidification dynamics in coastal and freshwater ecosystems. CGEM simulates biogeochemical processes regulating carbon, oxygen, nutrients, phytoplankton, and zooplankton, and includes numerous model formulations and variable phytoplankton functional types that can be modified based on site specific model requirements. CGEM also includes a full sediment diagenesis model as well as formulations representing carbonate chemistry and pH necessary to address acidification and global climate change. CGEM includes two water quality modules that are available to the user within a single codebase (CGEM and WQEM). CGEM has been successfully implemented in coastal ecosystems ranging from the Louisiana Continental Shelf to small shallow embayments.

# Disclaimer
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) GitHub project code is provided on an "as is" basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use.  EPA has relinquished control of the information and no longer has responsibility to protect the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of the information.  Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by EPA.  The EPA seal and logo shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by EPA or the United States Government.

